hello friends welcome to this new
video I want to share with you this
supplement this supplementary and 25 them
I say is the nitro protein
it was consumed by the second one you gave me in
my food plan for the following
reasons this brings in every 36 service
grams
30 grams of protein 0 of fat and 1 of
carbohydrates say what they know and that
you must consume
is one gram of protein per pound
of weight ok I did this with or what
combine with red meat fish meat
chicken tuna egg ok to get to
consume the amount of protein that is
will accommodate 1500 calories that I did
consumed
40 percent of 1540 protein 40 per
hundreds of carbohydrates and 20% fat
not then it 's good to repeat does not want
say work in the example right now with
meals 80 80 kilos
I do not have to convert into pounds
and take one gram of protein for each
pounds off this does not mean that
you take
all the pounds with this product
you have to combine what you have to
be smart brings 3 grams of
creatine good start to creatine
very good then he was one of those who
convinced me it gives me a lot of strength and a lot
resistance muscle pain was minimal
with this product this 13 milligrams of
Digestive enzymes also very good ok
then how do I repeat this product
drive 36 grams in each service sorry
Perez finger by a tablet then I
it costs a little bit of worker
manipulate it the trade 36 grams in each
service I in the morning took me
after I ran out of
burners I was taking a this coming
of the gym to do cardio I took
a service of 36 grams and at night
it went up to 46 grams so that it
adjust to me is caloric intake ok
you have to see affirmed the protein train
30 grams is 60 percent
ok 60% of the service very well hate cases
this detail amino acid matrix very
good and after the digestive enzymes ok
then I hope I wanted to do this
information
I like it if you have some
comment on a suggestion that
share with me well forward here
we are here to help us all and I'll turn you
to repeat is a good products at ease to
what to what I needed and then
obviously combine with the protein this one
as I mentioned you ok 30 40 percent of
40 percent protein and carbohydrates and
20 percent fat ok
I'll repeat you a gram of protein
you get 4 calories a gram of
carbohydrates 4 calories and a gram of
fat 9 calories I did the combination
Summers is this for you accuse 1500
calories
there they have information I hope you serve
I like it and here we see
soon